,Title,Abstract,Keywords,eia,prob_not_eia,prob_eia
47,"Pipeline risk assessment and risk acceptance criteria in the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil","This paper discusses the use of risk assessment
(RA) for analyzing the environmental suitability
of natural gas pipelines and highlights RA’s
linkages with environmental impact assessment.
The paper contends that RA is an essential tool
when assessing the suitability of gas pipelines,
and that risks associated with such proposed activities
should be used as fundamental criteria to
determine route selection. By doing so, fatality
risks related to pipeline failures can be reduced.
The paper also contends that the risk acceptance
criteria adopted by the State of São Paulo are
overly permissive when compared to other criteria
used around the world. Therefore, the State
should consider revising and strengthening its
risk acceptance criteria to be up-to-date with international
standards.","risk, risk assessment, risk acceptance criteria,
environmental impact assessment, environmental
suitability, natural gas pipeline ",1,0.31933891270721815,0.6806610872927816
11,"Policy Development for Environmental Licensing and
Biodiversity Offsets in Latin America","Attempts to meet biodiversity goals through application of the mitigation hierarchy have gained wide traction globally with
increased development of public policy, lending standards, and corporate practices. With interest in biodiversity offsets
increasing in Latin America, we seek to strengthen the basis for policy development through a review of major
environmental licensing policy frameworks in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru and Venezuela. Here we
focused our review on an examination of national level policies to evaluate to which degree current provisions promote
positive environmental outcomes. All the surveyed countries have national-level Environmental Impact Assessment laws or
regulations that cover the habitats present in their territories. Although most countries enable the use of offsets only Brazil,
Colombia, Mexico and Peru explicitly require their implementation. Our review has shown that while advancing quite
detailed offset policies, most countries do not seem to have strong requirements regarding impact avoidance. Despite this
deficiency most countries have a strong foundation from which to develop policy for biodiversity offsets, but several issues
require further guidance, including how best to: (1) ensure conformance with the mitigation hierarchy; (2) identify the most
environmentally preferable offsets within a landscape context; (3) determine appropriate mitigation replacement ratios; and
(4) ensure appropriate time and effort is given to monitor offset performance.", ,1,0.3678065158455743,0.6321934841544249
32,A review of uncertainty research in impact assessment,"This paper examines uncertainty research in Impact Assessment (IA) and the focus of attention of the IA scholarly
literature. We do so by first exploring ‘outside’ the IA literature, identifying three main themes of uncertainty
research, and then apply these themes to examine the focus of scholarly research on uncertainty ‘inside’ IA.
Based on a search of the database Scopus, we identified 134 journal papers published between 1970 and 2013
that address uncertainty in IA, 75% of which were published since 2005. We found that 90% of IA research addressing
uncertainty focused on uncertainty in the practice of IA, including uncertainty in impact predictions,
models and managing environmental impacts. Notwithstanding early guidance on uncertainty treatment in IA
from the 1980s, we found no common, underlying conceptual framework that was guiding research on uncertainty
in IA practice. Considerably less attention, only 9% of papers, focused on uncertainty communication, disclosure
and decision-making under uncertain conditions, the majority of which focused on the need to disclose
uncertainties as opposed to providing guidance on how to do so and effectively use that information to inform
decisions. Finally, research focused on theory building for explaining human behaviorwith respect to uncertainty
avoidance constituted only 1% of the IA published literature.We suggest the need for further conceptual framework
development for researchers focused on identifying and addressing uncertainty in IA practice; the need for
guidance on how best to communicate uncertainties in practice, versus criticizing practitioners for not doing so;
research that explores howbest to interpret and use disclosures about uncertaintywhenmaking decisions about
project approvals, and the implications of doing so; and academic theory building and exploring the utility of
existing theories to better understand and explain uncertainty avoidance behavior in IA.","Impact assessment
Environmental assessment
Uncertainty communication
Uncertainty disclosure
Impact prediction ",1,0.4291068928409702,0.5708931071590294
102,What drives urban low-carbon transition? Findings from China,"This paper assesses the city-level performance of low-carbon transition and the contributions of individual at-tributes to the percentage change of urban low-carbon transition performance. We developed a composite index 
to evaluate the status quo of low-carbon development and constructed an adjacent Malmquist index to measure 
the low-carbon transition performance. Then we grafted attribution analysis approach onto the Malmquist index 
to quantify attributions and applied convergence analysis to reveal characteristics of urban low-carbon transi-tion. We applied the models to the case of 114 Chinese cities over time and found that the performance of urban 
low-carbon transition had progressed over time. Interestingly, we observed that the top performers were mainly 
non-pilot cities, even though pilot cities had performed better on average. Attribution analysis showed high 
heterogeneity over time for both types of cities, but in general, the intensity of technological innovation in-vestment, the level of low-carbon policy system perfection and green space carbon sink were the main drivers. 
Convergence analysis showed that most cities had moved closer to the frontier of best practice over time and 
fewer cities were lagging behind their peers",Low-carbon transition City Performance Composite index Attribution analysis ,0,0.6656436332975385,0.33435637663656786
37,"Different bottom trawl fisheries have a differential impact on
the status of the North Sea seafloor habitats","Fisheries using bottom trawls are the most widespread source of anthropogenic physical disturbance to seafloor habitats. To mitigate such
disturbances, the development of fisheries-, conservation-, and ecosystem-based management strategies requires the assessment of the impact
of bottom trawling on the state of benthic biota. We explore a quantitative and mechanistic framework to assess trawling impact. Pressure
and impact indicators that provide a continuous pressure–response curve are estimated at a spatial resolution of 1 1 min latitude and lon-
gitude (2 km 2) using three methods: L1 estimates the proportion of the community with a life span exceeding the time interval between
trawling events; L2 estimates the decrease in median longevity in response to trawling; and population dynamic (PD) estimates the decrease
in biomass in response to trawling and the recovery time. Although impact scores are correlated, PD has the best performance over a broad
range of trawling intensities. Using the framework in a trawling impact assessment of ten me ́tiers in the North Sea shows that muddy habitats
are impacted the most and coarse habitats are impacted the least. Otter trawling for crustaceans has the highest impact, followed by otter
trawling for demersal fish and beam trawling for flatfish and flyshooting. Beam trawling for brown shrimps, otter trawling for industrial fish,
and dredging for molluscs have the lowest impact. Trawling is highly aggregated in core fishing grounds where the status of the seafloor is
low but the catch per unit of effort (CPUE) per unit of impact is high, in contrast to peripheral grounds, where CPUE per unit of impact is
low","beam trawl, dredge, footprint, method comparison, otter trawl, recovery, seafloor habitats, seine, soft sediment, trawling impact ",0,0.9089051920320897,0.09109480175909325
23,"Naturalness as a basis for incorporating marine
biodiversity into life cycle assessment of seafood","Methods to quantify biodiversity impacts through life cycle assessment (LCA) are evolving for both land- and marine-based production systems, although typically independently from each other. An indicator for terrestrial food production systems that may be suitable to assess marine biodiversity, and is applicable across all food production systems, is a measure of hemeroby or distance from the natural state. We explore the possibility of adapting this approach to marine systems to assess the impact of fishing on seawater column and seafloor systems.","Biodiversity . Hemeroby . Land use . Life cycle
assessment . Naturalness . Sea floor . Seafood . Seawater
column ",0,0.8777398664764333,0.12226013724885665
14,"Socioeconomic impacts of marine protected areas in the
Mediterranean and Black Seas","The socioeconomic implications of Marine Protected Areas (MPAs) and perceptions of stakeholders on
MPA impacts are important to consider when designing, implementing, and managing MPAs. However,
the currently available knowledge about these areas and especially of stakeholder perceptions is scarce
and limited to restricted geographic areas. The present study aims to address this gap by examining these
factors in the Mediterranean and Black Seas using an extensive literature review and an online survey
approach. We collated and examined a total of 208 published studies on socioeconomic impacts of MPAs
and marine uses. We found that for fishing, the socioeconomic impacts of MPAs were generally perceived
as negative for industrial fishing and positive for artisanal fishing. In the online survey, we collected ca.
100 responses and found that stakeholder perceptions on the impacts of MPAs differ across sectors and
regions. Industrial fishing was perceived as being negatively impacted in the Black Sea, while most re-
spondents from the Mediterranean Sea were neutral in their responses relating industrial fishing and
MPAs. The impact of MPAs on artisanal and recreational fishing was generally viewed as neutral by
respondents from the Black Sea, whereas most Mediterranean respondents indicated a positive impact of
MPAs. We also found that perceptions of the major threats to MPAs differed across the Mediterranean
and the Black Sea. Responses from the Black Sea were systematically shifted towards a more negative
perception of threats to MPAs compared to those from the Mediterranean Sea. Illegal fishing and other
illegal activities were considered to be the most relevant threats to MPAs by stakeholders in both regions.
The mismatch found between evidence of MPA effectiveness and impacts from the scientific literature
and the results of our survey suggests that within the framework of maritime spatial planning and
ecosystem-based management, effective MPA planning should be informed by multiple sources across
regions","Impact assessment
Marine Protected Areas (MPAs)
Mediterranean Sea
Black Sea
Social perceptions ",0,0.7793491847428805,0.220650820224174
36,Avanc¸ a Brasil: Environmental and Social Consequences of Brazil’s Planned Infrastructure in Amazonia,"is a package of
338 projects throughout Brazil; the portion of the plan to be carried
out in Brazil’s Legal Amazon region totals US$43 billion over
8 years, US$20 billion of which would be for infrastructure causing
environmental damage. Brazil’s environmental impact assessment
system is not yet capable of coping with the challenge
presented by Avanc¸ a Brasil. Generic problems with the licensing
process include stimulation of a lobby in favor of construction
before decisions are made on the advisability of the projects, the
“dragging effect” of third parties, whereby economic activity is
attracted to the infrastructure but escapes the environmental impact
assessment system, a tendency for consulting firms to produce
favorable reports, a bureaucratic emphasis on the existence
of steps without regard to the content of what is said, and
the inability to take account of the chain of events unleashed
when a given project is undertaken.","Amazonia; Brazil; Deforestation; Environmental impact
assessment; Highways ",1,0.14920232438970463,0.8507976756102957
29,"Indicators of climate change and social vulnerability in fishing
dependent communities along the Eastern and Gulf Coasts of the
United States","Changing climatic conditions are affecting the relationship between fishing communities and the marine
resources they depend on. This shift will require an adaptive response on the part of policy makers and
fishery managers. In the U.S., the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) established,
in its fisheries agency (NOAA Fisheries), a set of social indicators of fishing community vulnerability and
resilience to evaluate the impacts of changes in fishery management regimes. These indicators enhance
the analytical capabilities within NOAA Fisheries for conducting fisheries social impact assessments and
informing ecosystem-based fishery management. Building on the existing Community Social Vulner-
ability Indicators (CSVIs), new measures of climate change vulnerability are defined for the U.S. Eastern
and Gulf coasts. These new indicators are used to assess the impact of sea level rise on critical com-
mercial fishing infrastructure and the dependence of communities on species identified as vulnerable to
the effects of climate change. Examples are provided in this article to demonstrate the utility of these
new indicators to policy makers and the NOAA strategic goal for building resilient coastal communities
that are environmentally and economically sustainable. Integration of CSVIs and the new climate change
vulnerability indices highlight community needs for unique solutions in order to adapt to environmental
and social changes and maintain their well-being","Fishing communities
Social vulnerability
Climate change
Indicators ",0,0.7351307553990947,0.2648692446009045
21,Life cycle assessment fisheries: A review for fisheries scientists and managers,"This review aims to synthesise and discuss current literature applying the Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) framework for the environmental assessment of fisheries. The review introduces and illustrates the LCA framework, and highlights energy use by fishing vessels, among other key factors determining environmental impacts of fisheries operations. Moreover, the review concludes with recommendations on future developments of LCA in the fisheries and seafood sectors.
We reviewed 16 studies on LCA applied to fisheries, with perspectives from a few additional publications on closely related topics. The main Aspects considered in the ad hoc comparison of studies include: scope and system boundaries, functional units, allocation strategies for co-products, conventional and fishery-specific impact categories used, fuel use, impact assessment methods, level of detail in inventories, normalisation of results and sensitivity analyses.
A number of patterns and singularities were detected. Fishery-specific impact categories, despite not being standardised, and fuel use in fishing operations were identified as the main contributors to environmental impacts. Energy efficiency was found to be strongly related to the fishing gear used. Several studies discussed the impacts of antifouling substances and metals use. The need for standardisation of fisheries LCA research is justified and ideas on how to do so and what elements to standardise (fisheries-specific impact categories, inventory details, normalisation references, etc.) are discussed. Finally, fisheries LCA constitute a useful research field when studying the sustainability of seafood and fisheries-based agrifood, and it should likewise contribute to an ecosystem approach to fisheries","Allocation, energy, environmental impacts, fisheries, life cycle assessment ",0,0.8788770869772318,0.12112290805571518
80,Online tool to integrate evidence-based knowledge into cumulative effects assessments: Linking human pressures to multiple nature assets,"Intensification and diversification of human-induced pressures in marine ecosystems have raised concerns over several sustainability-diminishing consequences, such as hypoxia and overexploitation of resources. We present the PlanWise4Blue tool (PW4B), which assesses the cumulative effects of multiple pressures on nature assets. In order to express the sensitivity of different nature assets to a plethora of pressure combinations, a meta-analysis based on published literature and available datasets was performed to calculate a set of standardized effect sizes. These calculations relied mostly on experimental or observational evidence; expert knowledge was used to estimate the impact coefficients only in the absence of impact data. Spatial modelling techniques (machine learning) were used to model the probability of occurrence and abundances of different nature assets in lattice grids with a cell size of 1 km2. Users can use the portal to estimate impacted areas and changes to natural assets caused by any combination of anthropogenic pressure. The PW4B tool can be used to predict individual and synergistic effects — both current and future — of a wide range of human activities and can be used regardless of scientific background. The tool was tested in the Baltic Sea region in coordination with the process of the Estonian Maritime Spatial Planning. This test evaluated the combined effects of human activity such as fisheries, aquaculture, wind energy, mining and maritime transport sectors on nature assets such as selected seaweed, invertebrate, fish habitats as well as bird and mammal species. The analyses showed that current Estonian maritime spatial planning will result in a moderate loss of some nature assets and a significant gain of benthic suspension feeders, although predicted losses in wind park areas can be mitigated if novel aquaculture activities such as mussel or macroalgal farming are established This test demonstrates how the PW4B tool can be used by planners to minimize adverse environmental effects, to suggest effective mitigation strategy, and to attain sustainable planning solutions.",Decision support toolsMaritime spatial planningPlanWise4BlueCumulative effects assessment (CEA)Baltic sea ,1,0.5230905792443385,0.47690942075566173
86,"Embodied black carbon emission transfer within and across the Jing-Jin-Ji
urban agglomeration","Black carbon (BC) is a vital air pollution particulate. Urban agglomeration has complex trade linkages internally
and externally. Jing-Jin-Ji (JJJ) is the largest urban agglomeration in northern China and suffers from severe air
pollution problems. Despite the importance of BC mitigation and the study area of JJJ, there is a lack of studies
exploring the embodied BC emission transfers hidden behind trade within and across the JJJ urban agglomer-
ation at the city scale, given the importance of interregional collaboration among cities for air pollution control.
This paper applied the multiregional input-output (MRIO) analysis and structure path analysis (SPA) to inves-
tigate the impact of trade on the BC emissions in JJJ and identify the critical sectors and supply chains, using the
latest available China’s city-level MRIO table. The results show that the embodied BC emission intensity in JJJ is
143.17 g/104 yuan, which exceeds the national average (121.89 g/104 yuan). The Construction sector con-
tributes 27.93 % of the total embodied BC emissions in JJJ. The cities of Handan, Tangshan, and Hengshui are
the largest providers of emission-intensive products (3.51, 2.83, and 2.05 Gg, respectively) while Beijing is the
largest receiver (5.78 Gg). From a supply chain perspective, Coal and Metal Mining are the main upstream in-
dustries, accounting for a considerable proportion of the BC emissions supply chain. To enhance the interregional
collaborative governance of BC pollution control in JJJ, horizontal governance mechanisms, decentralized and
polycentric urban planning, industrial clustering and technology upgrading, and effective policies for specific
regions and industrial sectors are suggested","Black carbon
Jing-Jin-Ji
Multi-region input-output analysis
Urban agglomeration ",0,0.6334034268584128,0.3665965731415868
40,Is the environmental policies procedures a barrier to development of inland navigation and port management? A case of study in Brazil,"The main objective of this article is to discuss the Brazilian environmental legislation and policies towards the development of navigation and port management. The research illustrated some difficulties faced by the country and make suggestions to overcome it. The construction of the environmental legal framework began in the early 1960s and resulted in a very complex system, as a consequence of policies adopted by the country. Nowadays Brazilian environmental policies are developed in democratic and participative way, although with elevated degree of bureaucracy and lack of integration among the several governmental agencies, which makes the approval of environmental certifications demand several years for new port projects or improvements, which delays the economic development of the country. Efforts have been made to simplify the licensing process. As result of this research two flowchart for environmental licenses of ports installation are shown: The first shows the process until 2009 and the second shows the process nowadays. This become an important issue due the fact that inland navigation is one of the less pollutant modes of transportation, and although, the process of environmental certification was simplified, if compare with 2009, it is still complex and time-consuming, delaying the development of the infrastructure.",The environmental permitting process are time-consuming. ► Environmental permitting postpone the implementation of infrastructure for inland navigation. ► The approval of some projects could demand decades. ► The Brazilian environmental permitting process has been simplified. ,1,0.2212092567675282,0.7787907432324724
33,Scoping in environmental impact assessment: Balancing precaution and efficiency?,"Scoping is a crucial yet under-researched stage of environmental impact assessment, in which practice
falls well behind conceptual ideals. We argue that such dimplementation deficitsT reflect dilemmas between
two key rationales for scoping—environmental precaution and decision-making efficiency—and between
technical and participatory conceptions of the decision-making process. We use qualitative research to
understand how scoping practice in the UK reconciles these competing imperatives. Our findings suggest
that practitioners mainly rationalise their approach in terms of decision-making efficiency, while justifying
excluding the public from scoping on grounds of prematurity, delay and risks of causing confusion. The
tendency to scope issues in rather than exclude them reflects a pervasive concern for legal challenge, rather
than environmental precaution, but this reinforces standard lists of environmental considerations rather than
the investigation of novel, cumulative or indirect risks.",EIA; Scoping; Precautionary principle; Efficiency; Participation ,1,0.10151036205055865,0.8984896379494419
96,"BEFORE EIA: DEFINING THE SCOPE OF INFRASTRUCTURE
PROJECTS IN THE NETHERLANDS","This article discusses recent developments in integrated planning for the national road
infrastructure in the Netherlands. It lays emphasis on project definition as a “missing link”
between strategic planning and operational planning.
Road development projects may have considerable negative impacts. Projects, however,
are often too narrowly focused on road (re)construction alternatives and pay too less attention
to the relationships with other spatial developments. As a consequence, the scope of project
Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs) is too narrow and opportunities are missed to
enhance the spatial and environmental quality of the regions concerned. These problems
are best tackled early in the planning process when the “degrees of freedom” in shaping the
project are relatively large.
Using the case of the A27 motorway a new guideline for explorative studies is introduced.
The instrument described (called “reconnaissance study”) aims to connect the planning
arenas of Strategic Environmental Assessment and EIA, thus achieving more sustainable
planning. It focuses on the early stage of project development in which the scope of projects
is defined by “zooming in” from the national to a regional setting and translation of abstract
policy goals to a “real world” situation. Key elements are a transparent process in which
problem analysis and development of solutions are seperated, involvement of external parties
and a broad study scope","Infrastructure; integrated planning; scoping; explorative study; EIA; SEA;
tiering ",1,0.09548546563908429,0.9045145343609168
34,Adaptive Management: Promises and Pitfalls,"Proponents of the scientific adaptive
management approach argue that it increases knowledge
acquisition rates, enhances information flow among policy
actors, and provides opportunities for creating shared
understandings. However, evidence from efforts to implement
the approach in New Brunswick, British Columbia, Canada,
and the Columbia River Basin indicates that these promises
have not been met. The data show that scientific adaptive
management relies excessively on the use of linear systems
models, discounts nonscientific forms of knowledge, and
pays inadequate attention to policy processes that promote
the development of shared understandings among diverse
stakeholders. To be effective, new adaptive management
efforts will need to incorporate knowledge from multiple
sources, make use of multiple systems models, and support
new forms of cooperation among stakeholders. begins with the central tenet that management
involves a continual learning process that cannot conveniently
be separated into functions like ""research"" and ""ongoing regulatory
activities,"" and probably never converges to a state of blissful equilibrium
involving full knowledge and optimum productivity","Adaptive management; Landscape management; Social
learning; Natural resource policy; Policy implementation;
Systems modeling ",1,0.504794215102043,0.4952057848979568
1,Port dumping and participation in England:: Developing an ecossiystem approach through local ecological knowledge,,"Participatory monitoring, local ecological knowledge, biodiversity, dumping, ecological health ",0,0.24265124621840028,0.7573487537815998
94,"Revealing determinants shaping the sustainable consumption of single-use 
plastic food container substitutes","With the fast growth of the takeaway sector, waste originating from the consumption of single-use plastic food 
containers (SUPFC) is increasingly generated and exacerbates plastic pollution. Its substitutes (SUPS), a reliable 
option for mitigating plastic pollution, are attracting attention from both the public and private sectors. To better 
understand consumer preferences in reducing plastic pollution from SUPFC, we here establish an intricate fabric 
of the consumers' cognitive impetus toward SUPS and explore the prospects of combining and enhancing the 
technology  acceptance  model  and  theory  of  planned  behavior  framework  with  additional  constructs.  We 
simultaneously analyze variations in Beijing consumers' willingness to pay (WTP) for SUPS via the contingent 
valuation method. The intention to use (ITU) was found to be positively influenced by the perceived ease-of-use 
(PEU), attitude (AT), and subjective norms (SN). Conversely, perceived risk exhibited a negative correlation with 
AT, PEU, and ITU. The results further showed that ITU was positively correlated with income, age, and edu-cation. In addition, 95.86 % of the respondents were willing to pay for SUPS, mostly between 3 and 5 RMB 
(51.18 %). This study delineates a paradigm for elucidating the preference of using SUPS in the context of 
environmental  sustainability and  pro-environmental consumption.  Such elucidation  holds  paramount impor-tance in bolstering forthcoming investigations into SUPS utilization and behavioral patterns",Single-use plastic food containerSubstitutesPerceived riskRange satisfactionIntention to useWillingness to pay ,0,0.635261277543575,0.3647387224564244
6,Evolution or revolution? Reflecting on IA effectiveness in Thailand,"This paper investigates whether the Thai impact assessment (IA) system should develop
through revolution or evolution. A timeline of the Thai IA system is mapped to show its
development to date. Aspects of effectiveness (i.e. procedural, substantive, transactive, and
legitimacy) are then used as the benchmark against which to evaluate past IA practice in
terms of strengths, limitations and challenges. IA practice is analysed both in terms of the
people within the IA system and the IA system itself, as both are considered key elements in
making IA work. The findings suggest that the ongoing evolution of the IA system has
continued to improve its procedural, substantive and transactive effectiveness; therefore,
suggesting that continuing evolution is sufficient to deliver these dimensions of effectiveness.
However, the findings also indicate that it is the people in the IA system that influence
practice and arbitrate legitimacy. Developing the system over time has not significantly
improved legitimacy, leading to the conclusion that gaining legitimacy in the IA process
might need some elements of revolution.","Impact assessment (IA)
effectiveness; environmental
and health impact
assessment (EHIA); strategic
environmental assessment
(SEA); evolution; revolution;
Thailand ",1,0.22830312806492573,0.7716968719350753
52,"Utilization effectiveness of marine functional zones using system
dynamics for China: modeling and assessment","The marine functional zoning(MFZ) for China is a
new large-scale, ecosystem-based zoning policy for manage-
ment of development and use in the marine environment. The
system dynamic (SD) method is used to evaluate the utiliza-
tion effectiveness of existed marine functional zones (MFZs)
quantitatively for China. As a case study, an impact assess-
ment system is constructed to obtain the cause and effect
feedback chart of the mariculture functional zones in Qingdao
city, China. A feedback SD model and the main control loops
are developed to analyze the utilization effectiveness of the
mariculture functional zones. Vensim software is applied to
the assessment for the mariculture functional zones of Qing-
dao. The results provide an effective support for policies and
legislation for the division of MFZs. Analysis results and
simulations are presented to verify and validate the proposed
model.","Marine functional zoning . System dynamics .
Utilization effectiveness . Marine policy ",0,0.7001262550240764,0.29987374994297755
87,"Evaluate user satisfaction for urban design of railway station areas: An 
assessment framework using agent-based simulation","Aims: Railway station areas can play a crucial role in promoting sustainable development if integrated with cities 
and be fluctuation-responsive through effective urban design. However, during the design stage, assessing the 
station areas’  performance, of which user satisfaction is indicative, is challenging due to methodological limi-tations. Agent-based simulation (ABS) is promising as it can link spatial features with agents’ behavior features. 
This research questions to what extent ABS can help assess the urban design of station areas.
Methods: This paper adopts the user pyramid as the theoretical framework, which outlines five types of user 
needs: safety, speed, ease, comfort, and experience. The paper selects indicators linking satisfaction and spatial 
features at the district and building levels. These indicators are measured in the simulation of the station system 
using digital tools, including MassMotion and Python scripts. The theory, indicators, and tools, in combination, 
serve as an assessment framework. Rotterdam Central Station is used as a case to demonstrate how the frame-work works.
Results: The framework is capable of assessing design alternatives by identifying changes in user satisfaction. It 
can be applied on the district level (at a scale of 250 m) with substantial details to inform design decision- 
making, and it is useful during the design stage when only limited data is available. This paper strengthens 
the scientific knowledge of railway station areas through the multidisciplinary literature review that translates 
user needs for urban design use, and it advances the digital means to visualize user satisfaction affected by 
design",Mapping Environmental psychology Crowd simulation Vision analysis ,0,0.518082004744853,0.4819179952551477
7,Environmental licensing of major undertakings: possible connection between health and environment,"The prospect of multidisciplinary assessment that considers the environmental impacts on the health of the population during the implementation of potentially polluting projects is incipient in Brazil. Considering the scenario of major undertakings in the country, broadening the outlook on the health and environment relationship based on social and economic development processes striving for environmentally sustainable projects is a key strategy. This article examines the debate on the relationship between the current development model, the risks, the environment and health and discusses the importance of the participation of the health sector in the environmental licensing procedures, which is the instrument of the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA). Seeking to create more environmentally and socially sustainable territories, the health sector has been looking for opportunities to participate in the licensing processes of major undertakings from the EIA standpoint. Results of research conducted by the Ministry of Health have demonstrated the form of participation in these processes, highlighting the strengths and weaknesses that favor or hinder the increase of preventive actions in public health in the implementation of major undertakings in Brazil.","Environmental licensing, Health, Major undertakings, Sustainability ",1,0.09868863300559781,0.901311366994403
71,"A systematic review of artificial intelligence impact 
assessments","Artificial  intelligence  (AI)  is  producing  highly  beneficial  impacts  in  many  domains,  from  
transport  to  healthcare,  from  energy  distribution  to  marketing,  but  it  also  raises  concerns  
about  undesirable  ethical  and  social  consequences.  AI  impact  assessments  (AI-IAs)  are  a  
way  of  identifying  positive  and  negative  impacts  early  on  to  safeguard  AI’s  benefits  and  
avoid  its  downsides.  This  article  describes  the  first  systematic  review  of  these  AI-IAs.  
Working with a population of 181 documents, the authors identified 38 actual AI-IAs and 
subjected them to a rigorous qualitative analysis with regard to their purpose, scope, organ-
isational context, expected issues, timeframe, process and methods, transparency and chal-
lenges. The review demonstrates some convergence between AI-IAs. It also shows that the 
field  is  not  yet  at  the  point  of  full  agreement  on  content,  structure  and  implementation.  
The  article  suggests  that  AI-IAs  are  best  understood  as  means  to  stimulate  reflection  and  
discussion concerning the social and ethical consequences of AI ecosystems. Based on the 
analysis  of  existing  AI-IAs,  the  authors  describe  a  baseline  process  of  implementing  AI-
IAs that can be implemented by AI developers and vendors and that can be used as a criti-
cal yardstick by regulators and external observers to evaluate organisations’ approaches to 
AI",AI · Impact assessment · Systematic review · AI governance ,0,0.6159252132816087,0.38407477678428287
22,Population Displacement Forced by Large Dams and Socioecological Resilience: The Case of the Barra Grande Hydroelectric Power Plant in Southern Brazil,"Electricity generation from hydroelectric plants is predominant in Brazil, where 75% of the national energy matrix is ​​based on hydroelectric sources (BRASIL, 2015). According to the World Commission on Dams (WCD, 2000), Brazil is one of the world's largest generators of hydroelectric power. In the coming years, the Brazilian Federal Government plans to build dozens of large dams in the Amazon region (FEARNSIDE, 2015, 2016; TUNDISI et al., 2014), considered Brazil's current ""hydroelectric frontier"" (LITTLE, 2014; MORETTO et al., 2012). The expectation is that the expansion of Brazilian energy production will continue to be guided by hydroelectricity despite the costs that this choice entails (ALVES; UTURBEY, 2010; ANSAR et al., 2014) and the potential that Brazil has to explore other energy sources (ANDRADE GUERRA et al., 2015)",URBAN ENVIRONMENT; HYDROELECTRIC PLANTS; DAMS; URBAN SETTLEMENT ,1,0.5191898294664745,0.48081017053352576
72,On legitimacy in impact assessment: An epistemologically-based conceptualisation,"Impact assessment (IA) is carried out as an ex ante process to inform decision-making. It includes requirements
for engagement with stakeholders (including the public) regarding actions proposed by a proponent. A key issue
with the various stakeholders involved is the perceived legitimacy of the IA, which can have implications both
for the reputation of the proponent, and the likelihood of conflict over the decision. But the understanding of
legitimacy in the IA literature has changed over time in line with an ontological shift from positivism (that
scientifically generated information leads to better informed decisions) to the post-positivist acknowledgement
of the limitations of scientific method whereby assumptions must be subject to transparency, deliberation and
openness. This has led to an epistemological shift towards greater subjectivism which, we suggest, has created
new opportunities (which have been realised in political decision-making) to subvert knowledge through the
increased use of the Internet and social media. To address the potential for such subversion of legitimacy, we
seek to conceptualise legitimacy in the IA context through framing IA around a critical realist ontology and a
reliabilist virtue epistemology. This allows us to identify ‘knowledge legitimacy’ as an equally important component
of IA legitimacy along with organisational legitimacy. We conceptualise knowledge legitimacy through
literature review drawing on rich understandings of knowledge from IA and other fields of research in order to
develop a four-dimensional typology. This includes the dimensions of: knowledge accuracy; knowledge restriction;
knowledge diffusion; and knowledge spectrum. This is the first theoretically grounded attempt to
understand legitimacy in IA. It is hoped that it will provoke discussion in the IA community to further advance
theoretical understandings of IA and legitimacy of practice.","Knowledge
Theory
Reliabilist virtue epistemology
Critical realist ontology
Legitimacy
Conceptualisation ",1,0.4927828081855556,0.507217191814444
61,Indigenous protected areas in Sea Country: Indigenous‐driven collaborative marine protected areas in Australia,"In many parts of the world, policymakers, legislators, marine managers, and
indigenous peoples have attempted to reconcile marine protected area (MPA)
governance and management with indigenous peoples' ancient and ongoing traditional
ownership of coastal and marine environments. This paper describes a novel
approach in Australia to addressing this challenge through indigenous‐led planning
and collaborative governance of holistic coastal land and sea indigenous protected
areas (IPAs) based on the indigenous concept of “Country”—traditional land and
sea estates and their associated cultural, environmental, and other values.
2. To provide context to this approach, the paper explains the concept of “Sea
Country” and provides an overview of the relationship between indigenous peoples
and Australia's coastal and marine environments, the legal and policy recognition of
Indigenous Sea Country rights and interests, and the engagement of indigenous
people in the governance and management of government‐led, legislated MPAs in
Australia.
3. The paper then describes the evolution of IPAs from being specifically based on
indigenous land tenure to being based more generally on Indigenous Country,
across multiple tenures, including marine areas. In recent years, IPAs based on
Country have enabled indigenous people to lead planning and governance of land and sea areas over which they have limited legal rights, including over existing
national parks and marine parks. Using this approach, some IPAs complement
existing protected area governance and management arrangements, whereas elsewhere
Country‐based IPAs are adding significantly to Australia's MPA estate. The
Dhimurru IPA in the Northern Territory and Girringun Region IPAs in Queensland
are presented as examples of this Country‐based approach.
4. This indigenous‐driven, collaborative, nonlegislative approach to dedicating,
governing and managing coastal areas and MPAs may serve as a model in other
nation states for indigenous people wishing to use a protected area governance
framework to support the contemporary management of their traditional marine
and coastal estates.","Australia, collaborative governance, indigenous, marine planning, marine protected areas, sea
country ",1,0.4426915586085616,0.5573084413914395
92,"Implementation of the EU carbon border adjustment mechanism and
China's policy and legal responses","As a major global manufacturer and exporter of raw materials, China may not be significantly affected by the
implementation of the EU Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) in the short term. However, as other
developed economies follow and continuously expand the mechanism coverage of industries, it may have
widespread and far-reaching implications for exports of related products from developing countries. In light of
the global shift towards green and low-carbon transformation, China must effectively address the CBAM by
speeding up the promotion of green and low-carbon initiatives through enhanced policies and legal frameworks.
This requires addressing issues such as comprehensive supervision challenges in the carbon footprint of supply
chain systems, incomplete policy mechanisms such as carbon pricing, inadequate legal systems and standards,
and challenges in policy enforcement and coordination. To address these issues, this paper proposes enhancing
carbon emission management systems, gradually expanding the scope of China's carbon emission trading, and
promoting data transparency. Legislation and institutional arrangements for internalizing low-carbon costs
should also be strengthened, to promote low-carbon development in all industries, setting specific low-carbon
targets and requirements for production and operations","EU
China
Carbon emission reduction
Carbon border adjustment mechanism
Carbon pricing ",0,0.7594126624047838,0.24058733759521608
95,"Environmental impact assessment follow-up: 
good practice and future directions — findings 
from a workshop at the IAIA 2000 conference","Environmental  impact  assessment  (EIA)  follow-
up  refers  to  the  activities  undertaken  during  the  
post-decision  stages  of  the  process  to  monitor,  
evaluate, manage and communicate the envi-
ronmental  outcomes  that  occur  in  order  to  pro-
vide for some follow-up  to  the  environmental  
impact  statement.  This  article  presents  the  key  
findings  of  a  workshop  on  EIA  follow-up  con-
ducted  at  IAIA’00  Back  to  the  Future,  the  20th  
Annual Meeting of the International Association 
for Impact Assessment held in Hong Kong,  
19–23 June 2000."," environmental impact assessment; follow-up;  
monitoring; international practice ",1,0.05405598250441821,0.9459440174955821
27,Health and environmental licensing: a methodological proposal for assessment of the impact of the oil and gas industry,"Bearing in mind the importance of the impacts of the oil industry on human health, this article seeks to present a methodological proposal for analysis of these aspects in environmental impact assessment studies, based on the established legal parameters and a validated matrix for the hydroelectric sector. The lack of health considerations in the environmental impact assessment was detected in most of the 21 oil production enterprises analyzed, that were licensed in the period from January 1, 2004 through October 30, 2009. The health matrix proved to be an appropriate methodological approach to analyze these aspects in the environmental licensing process, guiding decisions and interventions in socio-environmental management.","Health impact assessment; Environmental management; Environmental licensing; Oil and gas industry

 ",1,0.3043397133841768,0.6956602866158231
71,Ocean Decade Vision 2030 White Papers – Challenge 6: Increase Community Resilience to Ocean Hazards,"This White Paper has been prepared as part of the Vision 2030 process being undertaken in the framework of the UN Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable Development. The Vision 2030 process aims to achieve a common and tangible measure of success for each of the ten Ocean Decade Challenges by 2030. From a starting point of existing initiatives underway in the Ocean Decade and beyond, and through a lens of priority user needs, the process determines priority datasets, critical gaps in science and knowledge, and needs in capacity development, infrastructure and technology required for each Challenge to ensure that it can be fulfilled by the end of the Ocean Decade in 2030. The results of the process will contribute to the scoping of future Decade Actions, identification of resource mobilization priorities, and ensuring the ongoing relevance of the Challenges over time. The process identifies achievable recommendations that can be implemented in the context of the Decade, or more broadly before 2030 to achieve the identified strategic ambition and indicators that will be used to measure progress. This White Paper is one of a series of ten White Papers all of which have been authored by an expert Working Group. Accompanied by an Outcomes Report authored by the Decade Coordination Unit, this White Paper was discussed at the 2024 Ocean Decade Conference before being finalized and published", ,1,0.4950343330987992,0.5049656669012018
101,"What dominates the variation of ecosystem services across different urban
expansion patterns?—Evidence from the Yangtze River Delta region, China","Urban expansion is considered to be a major driver of ecosystem services (ESs) loss, and variation of ESs in
rapidly urbanizing areas are of great concern. Clarifying the relationship between urban expansion and
ecosystem services (ESs) and understanding the impact of socio-ecological drivers on ESs are crucial for sus-
tainable urban development and ecological conservation. However, the differential impacts of urban expansion
on the variation of ecosystem services across different urban expansion patterns and the dominant drivers of
these variation, have not been fully explored, hampering the formulation of sustainable urban development
plans. To address these knowledge gaps, we assessed the differential impact of three urban expansion patterns
(edge-spreading, interior-filling and leap-frogging) on five representative ESs—carbon sequestration, food pro-
duction, habitat quality, soil retention and water yield—in the Yangtze River Delta region (YRDR) of China. We
applied random forest model to quantify the impact of ten social-ecological drivers on the variation of ESs across
three urban expansion patterns. Our findings revealed that edge-spreading is the main pattern of urban
expansion and it leads to higher losses of the three key ESs, which is therefore more significant than that caused
by interior-filling and leap-frogging. Although the loss of ESs due to urban expansion was primarily driven by
changes in natural drivers, social drivers had a variable and sometimes powerful influence on ESs. The differ-
ences in the impact of dominant socio-ecological drivers on the variation of ESs across different expansion
patterns are mainly reflected in the relative importance. Moreover, the overall explanatory power of socio-
ecological drivers on the variation of ESs under leap-frogging expansion was low. We suggest that different
ESs protection strategies should be developed and implemented for different urban expansion patterns to achieve
a balance between urban development and ecosystem protection. This study can provide an opportunity to
formulate refined urban development plans for the sustainable development of human-environment systems in
rapidly urbanizing regions","Urban expansion pattern
Ecosystem services
Social-ecological drivers
Random forest
Sustainable development
Yangtze River Delta region (YRDR) ",0,0.5444745970349988,0.45552540296500177
94,"Adaptation of EVIAVE methodology for monitoring and follow-up when
evaluating the environmental impact of landfills","Treatment and final disposal of Municipal Solid Waste can have a significant role in the generation of negative
environmental impacts. As a prevention strategy, such activities are subjected to the process of Environmental
Impact Assessment (EIA). Still, the follow-up of Environmental Management Plans or mitigation measures is lim-
ited, for one due to a lack of methodological approaches. In searching for possibilities, the University of Granada
(Spain) developed a diagnostic methodology named EVIAVE, which allows one to quantify, by means of indexes,
the environmental impact of landfills in view of their location and the conditions of exploitation. EVIAVE is appli-
cable within the legal framework of the European Union and can be adapted to the environmental and legal con-
ditions of other countries. This study entails its adaptation in Colombia, for the follow-up and control of the EIA
process for landfills. Modifications involved inclusion of the environmental elements flora and fauna, and the
evaluation of the environmental descriptors in agreement with the concept of vulnerability. The application of
the modified EVIAVE in Colombian landfills allowed us to identify the elements affected by the operating condi-
tions and maintenance. It may be concluded that this methodology is viable and effective for the follow-up and
environmental control of EIA processes for landfills, and to analyze the associated risks, as it takes into account
related environmental threats and vulnerabilities.","EVIAVE methodology
Environmental Impact Assessment
Follow-up
Waste management ",1,0.08988321183999105,0.9101167881600092
20,"Handling the ‘environmental knowledge paradox’in estuarine and
coastal policy making","Knowledge is a key feature in our attempts to achieve sustainable development during environmental
decision-making. Particularly complex decision making processes, where integrated economic, social and
ecological issues need to be handled, suffer from what could be called the ‘Environmental Knowledge
Paradox’or EKP (having more and more detailed knowledge does not necessarily reduce uncertainty and
settle competing truth-claims). We need to make significant changes in the decision-making process
itself and the way we use scientific models to support these decisions. Starting from a simple linear
decision-making model we explore potential improvements. Supported by recent progress in the
environmental as well as the social sciences, we suggest four main procedural and technical adjustments.
(1) To reduce the uncertainty in exploratory studies the ‘contra expertise’approach should be explicitly
applied. (2) The ‘uncertainty’in impact assessments needs to be reduced by combining completely
different approaches and model techniques. (3) The discussions during the decision-making process
should be led by an independent not discipline-related professional facilitator. (4) Formal and informal
actors need to be able to play an explicit and significant role during the decision-making process by
contributing to a ‘divergence’as well as a ‘convergence’of ideas, options and solutions","Sustainable development
Knowledge utilization
Ecosystem based management
Bridging sciences &management
Public participation
Pluralistic approach
Divergence
Convergence ",0,0.32397013549817005,0.6760298645018302
43,"ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT ASSESSMENT IN THE ILHA DAS FLORES, IN PORTO ALEGRE, IN THE STATE OF RIO GRANDE DO SUL","Environment is the external total conditions where an organism, a condition, a community or an object exists. In Brasil the environmental deterioration reaches 40%. To determine the an tropic impacts in the Environment we use AIA (Evaluation of Impact Assesment). AIA is elaborated through EIA (Study of Environmental Impact) and of the RIMA (Report of Environmental Impact). The methodology for the present study was used with Leopold - Rocha Matrix that presents two main attributes: magnitude and importance of the environmental impact. With the objective of quantifying the impacts caused by the residents of the Ilha das Flores (Porto Alegre, RS) was applied the referred matrix in a property of the island to determine the viability of these residents' permanence in the place. The results allowed to conclude that the enterprise is viable, since the due compensatory and minimize measures are taken, so that it is in agreement with the environmental orientations.","Environment, Deterioration, Environmental impact. ",1,0.25397674391370817,0.7460232560862927
74,"Utilization effectiveness of marine functional zones using system
dynamics for China: modeling and assessment","The marine functional zoning(MFZ) for China is a
new large-scale, ecosystem-based zoning policy for manage-
ment of development and use in the marine environment. The
system dynamic (SD) method is used to evaluate the utiliza-
tion effectiveness of existed marine functional zones (MFZs)
quantitatively for China. As a case study, an impact assess-
ment system is constructed to obtain the cause and effect
feedback chart of the mariculture functional zones in Qingdao
city, China. A feedback SD model and the main control loops
are developed to analyze the utilization effectiveness of the
mariculture functional zones. Vensim software is applied to
the assessment for the mariculture functional zones of Qing-
dao. The results provide an effective support for policies and
legislation for the division of MFZs. Analysis results and
simulations are presented to verify and validate the proposed
model","Marine functional zoning . System dynamics .
Utilization effectiveness . Marine policy ",0,0.7001262550240764,0.29987374994297755
82,"CandigitalizationalleviateChina'senergypoverty?Empiricalinvestigation
and mechanism analysis","Addressing energy poverty is crucial for establishing a decarbonized economy that promotes energy equity and
shared prosperity, through which the catalytic role of digitalization should be firmly prioritized. The novelty of
this study lies in modelling the causal nexus between digitalization and energy poverty and identifying trans-
mission channels. This study validates a negative correlation between digitalization and energy poverty by
leveragingauniquehousehold-leveldataset,including2014,2016,and2018,underscoringitsinstrumentalrole
inalleviatingenergypovertyafterperformingaTwo-StageLatestSquareapproach.However,theextentofthese
mitigating effectsvaries among household groupsaccording to income,age, and rural-urban disparities.Further
mechanism analyses present that digitalization in China alleviates energy poverty by reducing income poverty,
enhancing social capital mobility, bolstering the private business sector, and decelerating the trend of an aging
population. These findings offer significant insights for emerging and developing economies that aim to tackle
energy poverty through digitalization","Digitalization
Energy poverty
Household-level dataset
Transmission mechanisms
China ",0,0.6264692911222353,0.3735307188118724
60,"Alternative policies based on blue economy for 
the skipjack (Katsuwonus pelamis) fishery 
management of Jayapura City, Papua, Indonesia","The  effort  to  realize  a  sustainable  skipjack  (Katsuwonus  pelamis)  fishery  is  by  applying  the 
concept  of  the  blue  economy  in  its  management.  The  purpose  of  this  study  is  to  formulate  alternative 
policies of skipjack fisheries based on the principles of the blue economy in Jayapura City. The approach 
to regulatory impact assessment developed by the Asian Development Bank (2003) is used to analyze it. 
The  results  showed  that  the  second  alternative  policy  was  in  the  form  of  making  a  new  regional 
regulation  (PERDA)  concerning  the  blue  economy  of  skipjack  fisheries  that  is  because  it  generates 
benefits  of  USD  149,397,546,  greater  than  the  costs  incurred  in  the  amount  of  USD  1,309,116.  The 
concept  of  a  blue  economy  is  an  embodiment  of  ecosystem-based  sustainable  development  and  can 
produce economic growth for the region","economic growth, economy-based ecosystem, policies, regional regulations, skipjack.  ",0,0.7998817500214405,0.20011824128621636
2,"Farm-scale models in fish aquaculture –An overview of
methods and applications","Modelsare important toolsto address sustainability challenges associated with developing
aquaculture at farm, regional and global scales. Farm-scale models (FSMs), which are inte-
grated mathematical models developed to simulate farm operations, can quantify energy,
mass or economic input flows and predict a variety of outputs such as fish biomass, waste
and by-products. The variety of farming systems, equations available to build the models,
and objectives of applications and intended users has resulted in the publication of wide
range of FSMs. We performed a narrative review of 36 fish FSMs published from 1985–
2021 to address several questions: Can the main characteristics of these models be
defined? How do the farming system studied and the objectives of the study influence
model development? What are the main modelling techniques available to simulate the
main processes of a fish farm, and what are their advantages and disadvantages? How can
FSMs help address sustainability challenges of aquaculture? This review discusses
advances, limitations and future lines of research related to FSMs to help select existing
models, or develop new ones, that are suitable for their intended use and users. The article
is structured according to the main steps of the modelling process: (i) definition of scope
and objectives; (ii) process formulation and model selection at individual, cohort and farm
levels; (iii) implementation and evaluation; and (iv) applications (e.g. precision fish farming,
IMTA modelling, supporting spatial management, life cycle assessment). At each step, rec-
ommendations are provided and research needs are stated.","bioeconomic and environmental impacts modelling in aquaculture, decision-support tools,
ecosystem approach to aquaculture, farm management, fish farming, individual-level models ",0,0.8171681340572854,0.1828318733932949
63,Impacts of local human activities on the Antarctic environment,"We review the scientific literature, especially from the past decade, on the impacts of human
activities on the Antarctic environment. A range of impacts has been identified at a variety of spatial and
temporal scales. Chemical contamination and sewage disposal on the continent have been found to be
long-lived. Contemporary sewage management practices at many coastal stations are insufficient to prevent
local contamination but no introduction of non-indigenous organisms through this route has yet been
demonstrated. Human activities, particularly construction and transport, have led to disturbances of flora
and fauna. A small number of non-indigenous plant and animal species has become established, mostly on
the northern Antarctic Peninsula and southern archipelagos of the Scotia Arc. There is little indication of
recovery of overexploited fish stocks, and ramifications of fishing activity on bycatch species and the
ecosystem could also be far-reaching. The Antarctic Treaty System and its instruments, in particular the
Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources and the Environmental Protocol,
provide a framework within which management of human activities take place. In the face of the
continuing expansion of human activities in Antarctica, a more effective implementation of a wide range of
measures is essential, in order to ensure comprehensive protection of the Antarctic environment, including
its intrinsic, wilderness and scientific values which remains a fundamental principle of the Antarctic Treaty
System. These measures include effective environmental impact assessments, long-term monitoring,
mitigation measures for non-indigenous species, ecosystem-based management of living resources, and
increased regulation of National Antarctic Programmes and tourism activities","Antarctic Treaty System, contamination, ecosystem based management, human impacts,
non-indigenous species, tourism ",0,0.6815517721361947,0.3184482328308597
51,"Satellite remote sensing for an ecosystem approach
to fisheries management","Satellite remote sensing (SRS) of the marine environment has become instrumental in ecology for environmental monitoring and
impact assessment, and it is a promising tool for conservation issues. In the context of an ecosystem approach to fisheries manage-
ment (EAFM), global, daily, systematic, high-resolution images obtained from satellites provide a good data source for incorporating
habitat considerations into marine fish population dynamics. An overview of the most common SRS datasets available to fishery scien-
tists and state-of-the-art data-processing methods is presented, focusing on recently developed techniques for detecting mesoscale
features such as eddies, fronts, filaments, and river plumes of major importance in productivity enhancement and associated fish
aggregation. A comprehensive review of remotely sensed data applications in fisheries over the past three decades for investigating
the relationships between oceanographic conditions and marine resources is provided, emphasizing how synoptic and information-
rich SRS data have become instrumental in ecological analyses at community and ecosystem scales. Finally, SRS data, in conjunction
with automated in situ data-acquisition systems, can provide the scientific community with a major source of information for eco-
system modelling, a key tool for implementing an EAFM","ecosystem approach, fisheries, mesoscale, satellite, tracking ",0,0.744142553316102,0.2558574367497894
4,"The Insignificance of Thresholds in Environmental Impact
Assessment: An Illustrative Case Study in Canada","Environmental assessment is the process that decision-makers rely on to predict, evaluate, and prevent biophysical, social,
and economic impacts of potential project developments. The determination of significance in environmental assessment is
central to environmental management in many nations. We reviewed ten recent environmental impact assessments from
British Columbia, Canada and systematically reviewed and scored significance determination and the approaches used by
assessors, the use of thresholds in significance determination, threshold exceedances, and the outcomes. Findings of
significant impacts were exceedingly rare and practitioners used a combination of significance determination approaches,
most commonly relying upon reasoned argumentation. Quantitative thresholds were rarely employed, with less than 10% of
the valued components evaluated using thresholds. Even where quantitative thresholds for significance were exceeded, in
every case practitioners used a variety of rationales to demote negative impacts to non-significance. These reasons include
combinations of scale (temporal and spatial) of impacts, an already exceeded baseline, model uncertainty and/or substituting
less stringent thresholds. Governments and agencies can better protect resources by requiring clear and defensible
significance determinations, by making government-defined thresholds legally enforceable and accountable, and by
requiring or encouraging significance determination through inclusive and collaborative approaches.","Environmental assessment ● Environmental impact assessment ● Significance ● Thresholds ● Significance
determination ",1,0.24395450809212707,0.7560454919078725
